1.1/jessie/build-projectjson/README.md, before:


ASP.NET Core Build Docker Image
===============================

This repository contains images that are used to compile/publish ASP.NET Core applications inside the container. This is different to compiling an ASP.NET Core application and then adding the compiled output to an image, which is what you would do when using the [microsoft/aspnetcore](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/aspnetcore/) image. These Dockerfiles use the [microsoft/dotnet](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/dotnet/) image as its base.

[![Downloads from Docker Hub](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/microsoft/aspnetcore-build.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/aspnetcore-build)
[![Stars on Docker Hub](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/microsoft/aspnetcore-build.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/aspnetcore-build)

## Supported tags

- [`1.1.0-projectjson`, `1.1-projectjson`, `latest` (*Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/aspnet/aspnet-docker/blob/master/1.1/jessie/build-projectjson/Dockerfile)
- [`1.1.0-msbuild-rc3`, `1.1-msbuild` (*Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/aspnet/aspnet-docker/blob/master/1.1/jessie/build-msbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`1.0.3-projectjson`, `1.0-projectjson`, `lts` (*Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/aspnet/aspnet-docker/blob/master/1.0/jessie/build-projectjson/Dockerfile)
- [`1.0.3-msbuild-rc3`, `1.0-msbuild`, (*Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/aspnet/aspnet-docker/blob/master/1.0/jessie/build-msbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`1.0-1.1-2017-01`, `1.0-1.1` (designed for CI builds), (*Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/aspnet/aspnet-docker/blob/master/kitchensink/Dockerfile)

## What is ASP.NET Core?

ASP.NET Core is a new open-source and cross-platform framework for building modern cloud based internet connected applications, such as web apps, IoT apps and mobile backends. It consists of modular components with minimal overhead, so you retain flexibility while constructing your solutions. You can develop and run your ASP.NET Core apps cross-platform on Windows, Mac and Linux. ASP.NET Core is open source at [GitHub](https://github.com/aspnet).

This image contains:

- [.NET Core SDK](https://github.com/dotnet/cli) so that you can create, build and run your .NET Core applications.
- A NuGet package cache for the ASP.NET Core libraries.  This will significantly improve the initial package restore performance when building ASP.NET Core application.
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org)
- [Bower](https://bower.io/)
- [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/)

## Related images

1. [microsoft/dotnet](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/dotnet/) - the .NET Core image if you don't need the ASP.NET Core specific optimizations.
2. [microsoft/aspnetcore](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/aspnetcore/) - the ASP.NET Core runtime image, for when you don't need to build inside a container.

## Example Usage

### Build an app with `docker run`

You can use this container to compile your application when it runs. If you use the [Visual Studio tooling](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/webdev/2016/11/16/new-docker-tools-for-visual-studio/) to setup CI/CD to Azure Container Service then this method of using the build container is used.

Run the build container, mounting your code and output directory, and publish your app:

```
docker run -it -v $(PWD):/app --workdir /app microsoft/aspnetcore-build bash -c "dotnet restore && dotnet publish -c Release -o ./bin/Release/PublishOutput"
```

After this has run the application in the current directory will be published to the `bin/Release/PublishOutput` directory.

### Build an app with `docker build`

With this technique your application is compiled when you run `docker build` and you then copy the binaries out of the built image.

1. Create a Dockerfile to build your application (`Dockerfile.build` is a common name used).

    ```Dockerfile
    FROM microsoft/aspnetcore-build
    WORKDIR /app

    COPY project.json .
    RUN dotnet restore

    COPY . .
    RUN dotnet publish --output /out/ --configuration Release
    ```

2. Build your image:

    ```
    $ docker build -t build-image -f Dockerfile.build
    ```

3. Create a container from your image and copy your built application out.

    ```
    $ docker create --name build-cont build-image
    $ docker cp build-cont:/out ./bin/Release/PublishOutput
    ```

After this the application in the current directory will be published to the `bin/Release/PublishOutput` directory.

From here you could construct an optimized runtime image with the `microsoft/aspnetcore` image or just deploy/run the binaries as normal without using Docker at runtime.

This approach has the advantage of caching the results of `dotnet restore` so that packages are not downloaded unless your change the project.json.

Commit message:

Add some clarifying text about the 1.0-1.1 image.

1.1/jessie/build-projectjson/README.md, after:


ASP.NET Core Build Docker Image
===============================

This repository contains images that are used to compile/publish ASP.NET Core applications inside the container. This is different to compiling an ASP.NET Core application and then adding the compiled output to an image, which is what you would do when using the [microsoft/aspnetcore](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/aspnetcore/) image. These Dockerfiles use the [microsoft/dotnet](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/dotnet/) image as its base.

[![Downloads from Docker Hub](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/microsoft/aspnetcore-build.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/aspnetcore-build)
[![Stars on Docker Hub](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/microsoft/aspnetcore-build.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/aspnetcore-build)

## Supported tags

- [`1.1.0-projectjson`, `1.1-projectjson`, `latest` (*Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/aspnet/aspnet-docker/blob/master/1.1/jessie/build-projectjson/Dockerfile)
- [`1.1.0-msbuild-rc3`, `1.1-msbuild` (*Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/aspnet/aspnet-docker/blob/master/1.1/jessie/build-msbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`1.0.3-projectjson`, `1.0-projectjson`, `lts` (*Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/aspnet/aspnet-docker/blob/master/1.0/jessie/build-projectjson/Dockerfile)
- [`1.0.3-msbuild-rc3`, `1.0-msbuild`, (*Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/aspnet/aspnet-docker/blob/master/1.0/jessie/build-msbuild/Dockerfile)
- [`1.0-1.1-2017-01`, `1.0-1.1` (designed for CI builds), (*Dockerfile*)](https://github.com/aspnet/aspnet-docker/blob/master/kitchensink/Dockerfile)

## What is ASP.NET Core?

ASP.NET Core is a new open-source and cross-platform framework for building modern cloud based internet connected applications, such as web apps, IoT apps and mobile backends. It consists of modular components with minimal overhead, so you retain flexibility while constructing your solutions. You can develop and run your ASP.NET Core apps cross-platform on Windows, Mac and Linux. ASP.NET Core is open source at [GitHub](https://github.com/aspnet).

This image contains:

- [.NET Core SDK](https://github.com/dotnet/cli) so that you can create, build and run your .NET Core applications.
- A NuGet package cache for the ASP.NET Core libraries.  This will significantly improve the initial package restore performance when building ASP.NET Core application.
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org)
- [Bower](https://bower.io/)
- [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/)

The CI Image (`1.0-1.1`) contains both the 1.0 and 1.1 pre-restored packages. It is intended for when you have a solution containing both 1.1.x and 1.0.x projects and want to build them all in the same container, gaining advantage of the pre-restored packages. Because it has an extra set of packages it is bigger than the other, more focused, images.

## Related images

1. [microsoft/dotnet](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/dotnet/) - the .NET Core image if you don't need the ASP.NET Core specific optimizations.
2. [microsoft/aspnetcore](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/aspnetcore/) - the ASP.NET Core runtime image, for when you don't need to build inside a container.

## Example Usage

### Build an app with `docker run`

You can use this container to compile your application when it runs. If you use the [Visual Studio tooling](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/webdev/2016/11/16/new-docker-tools-for-visual-studio/) to setup CI/CD to Azure Container Service then this method of using the build container is used.

Run the build container, mounting your code and output directory, and publish your app:

```
docker run -it -v $(PWD):/app --workdir /app microsoft/aspnetcore-build bash -c "dotnet restore && dotnet publish -c Release -o ./bin/Release/PublishOutput"
```

After this has run the application in the current directory will be published to the `bin/Release/PublishOutput` directory.

### Build an app with `docker build`

With this technique your application is compiled when you run `docker build` and you then copy the binaries out of the built image.

1. Create a Dockerfile to build your application (`Dockerfile.build` is a common name used).

    ```Dockerfile
    FROM microsoft/aspnetcore-build
    WORKDIR /app

    COPY project.json .
    RUN dotnet restore

    COPY . .
    RUN dotnet publish --output /out/ --configuration Release
    ```

2. Build your image:

    ```
    $ docker build -t build-image -f Dockerfile.build
    ```

3. Create a container from your image and copy your built application out.

    ```
    $ docker create --name build-cont build-image
    $ docker cp build-cont:/out ./bin/Release/PublishOutput
    ```

After this the application in the current directory will be published to the `bin/Release/PublishOutput` directory.

From here you could construct an optimized runtime image with the `microsoft/aspnetcore` image or just deploy/run the binaries as normal without using Docker at runtime.

This approach has the advantage of caching the results of `dotnet restore` so that packages are not downloaded unless your change the project.json.
